In this document describes the project.dot 
the project is a tool.based on telegram Bolt, which helps tolearn English words.Main ideas.that board should be a telegram board and should use the Telegram API.
They bought should be able to.accept list of boards whichuser want.to learnlist of words will be.justregular.text with no translation. There's no transcriptionwhateverthe board should be ableto take.this list of words.parse it andcreatethe databasefor new words to learnevery word.Not actually the boardExcuse. Take every word.and not like this. The list of words to learn should be.semi column separatedSo it can be not a single word but a phrase.pot takes this list.but not bot.bot.OK.bot takes this lease. Parse it and put them to the database forevery single item.Word or phrase.both should.increaseor add the more data more information about this word of phrase to learn what should be added. First of all the translation to Ukrainian should be.addedthey actuallythe capability should be that user can selecttwo languages which to learn and what is a native. So it should be optionfor configuration board. For example user can select English and Ukraine native easy and UkraineOkay. So when port receives the list of wordsit's parse it and adds additional information to each itemWhat should be the addiction information? Additional information should be the translation. First of all, it is very important to mandatory.then transcription if it is on Englishthen pronunciation.take it from some online resource, maybe from some API fromGoogle translator or from 11 laps whatever need to think about it.then eachshould take it should find a picture if it is possible. Also the pictureas well as awell as an optionwe can add a sentence where this word is useda few maybe three or five from 3 to five different use cases for this word.and waterWhat else? Yeah, and probably a few pictures. Again it is optional.All this information about word iskept in dictionary and the dictionary is actually the databasein brackets. We should decide which database.should be used.anotherfunctionality for the board isto teach users.or to help user to learn wordsevery time when user wants to learn new word.both should select with some algorithm we will think this algorithm about we will think about this algorithm later.and you select this some word and propose to user tolearn it whichhow we can learn the board. First of allfirst optionsSo it is bothright.the English fault for example and proposetwo, three or four options of translationand the user should select that just to press a button and select thisSo at the correct one and both checks if it is correct or not and respond correspondent name.every time when both propose theword theword there should be a button to pronounce this word to showuse cases.Maybe picture now I don't know about the picture.okay.The second option how the board could.propose user to learn the word is.todefend the translation.in Ukraine or in the Natal language andpropose a few options.maybe 4 options.to guess what in the world in English andthose words should beI mean, options should be.like they should be really similar to the target world.The third option to launchis both proposed the native translation of this work and user shouldtype correctvariant ofthis word.every time when user respondboth should answer if this is correct orif it is wrong andmaybecorrect if it is just a small typo andproposed to user again to ask user if this word was rememberedor user just guessed itThe next logic is about the algorithmhow to learn wordsbased on the answer from user if the word is learnedthe system or the board shouldaccept if it is. If this word is learned or not.and apply.some special algorithm.of course.repetition of this word. The logic of this algorithm is to repeat the word.from different repeat word in a differenttime frames for example.Firstlyuser learns learn.to the worldSo this word is marked as learned at stage 1for examplethe next time this word will be appeared inthe studyafter one dayso we repeat this word in one daythe next time again on the next day user loaded user should mark it as learned the next. when this word should be a pair with a pair in this study process should be inin three daysthe next. should be 5 days thenten days and one monththose periods the number of those periods and the period itself should be configurable.okaylet's start from the 
The Telegram Board should be.able to sendkind of invitation message to the user to inviteuser to start training learning for example.user can configure that he wants to start learning. Let'ssay every day.at 11:00 PM so user will configure it and sometimes every day around this timeframe both view send a message to user.that wallets learn words andwellthe bot shouldcount number of loan words in total.for the last oneday one week or one month so it is kind of type of the statisticalsothe board should count the number of loanof spend minutes every day and alsohave some statisticwhich will represent the learning temp of userfor every day every per week per month whateveras wellwhat should track the numberof rooms boards and spent minutesduring this day andthen notify user likesomeone at the end of the day or before the end of the day thatuser have not does not spend enough time on learning words for exampleuser can configure that he wants to spend 10 minutes every day on this and he want to learn three of5 words every day.and yeah So what should track this and remind user to start learning if the target was notachieved was not donethe 
next feature.should be that multi user butshould be able to keep the statistic per user id.The statistic andall information about the user progress about the user learned words etcetera should be stored in databaseThis database will decide later.
there telegram boat should be written on Python.should be online 24 for 7and should be implementedand packed in Docker containerThe Telegram Board should havethe admin panel.so one or more users can be addedas adminin order to see the statistic four of the telegram boatnot per user but generallyhow many words you have in the dictionary how manyuser how manyminutes how much time was spent on the learning generalor general any other information maybesome configurations for this bot as well.configurationfor the bot and for every user and alladdition of proper dictionaryshould be stored inthe databaseand when we reboot the boardit should continue. It should not lose the information and should be able to continue studying.I mean like learning the processevery the dictionary for every pair.like English Ukraine, English, Russian, Poland, Cranford, et cetera. So every.pair every dictionary pair it isseparate databaseThe databaseI think we will decide the type of database later


1.1 any delimiter can be used
1.2 yes, in the same input can be single words and phrases
2. yes, these are default values, and user can set a number of periods and each period len in days
3. type of database we will define separatelly. every user can add multiple language pairs, the statistic and progress should be per user per pair (but in the same telegramm chat)
4. admin panel is not defined yet. everything we will find usefull will be added there, admin should be able see only statistic per user but not delete them. and admin can add another user as admin (more the one admin is possible). should be some security mechanism to add another admins. and only the master admin can add other admins.
5.1 every learning model shold be as a separate class, we will add more models if needed. word is learned only after model-set is passed (model-set is a set of learning models selected by user). currently these 3 models are selected by default for all users.
5.2 user can specify number of minutes or\and words he want to learn every day as minimum.
6. if there is no new words in the corresponding dictionary EnBot should notify user about this.
7. every words in the dictionry has learning priority (it is per user). from the beggining all words have same (low) priority. everytime user add new word(s) phrase bot ask which learning priority this set should have.
8. every time user add new words\phrases EnBot checks if it has it in internal dict of the corresponding pair, and doesn't add it but only edit correspinding priority for the item for this user.
9. all databeses should be accessabel/readable/editable manually in corresponding GIU.
10. pictures and pronosiations should be stored in sepatated dictionaries with corresponding file names (should be understandable for which word\phrase this prononsiation\picture is) and database only keep file path to the file.
11. sourse of prononciations, pictures, usecase examples - we will define later. most probably we will use some AI based resource with API to generate such materials once per word and safe it localy in data base. maybe we will try to use free subscription plan with limited number of requests per day, so EnBot will be able to add such materiald step-by-step everyday using only accessible free tockens.
12. everything should be writen in modular manner: frontend (telegram bot) is separated from backend, every dict-pair, evry user, every leraning method, etc.

The EnBot will be in git.
All database will be on disc in one big directory. reserve copy of this dir will be done separatelly. 
All user information (progress) will be stored forever, but can be deleted manualy by admin by deleting correspondin table in database GUI (every user should have own db with progres and config)
There shuld be 10 levels of priority. everytime when user add a new set of words with the higset priority (per day) all words with priority higher than 0 should get priority which is current_prio-1 (but only if we downgrade the priority for one prio-set of words steps on another prio-set of words) 
When user learn he should get words only from the highest prio-set. 
EnBot shold keep in learning cycle 10 words (configurable by user). meaning EnBot selects 10 words from the highest prio-set (if not enough, it can take words from the lower prio-set) and learn these words,
When user marked the word as learned this word in taken out from the learning-cycle for today. no new words are added. Once all 10 words from the learning-cycle are learned, EnBot offers to repeat oll these just learned words and proprse some easy test to repeat them (if user makes mistake on this stage the word should not be marked as non-learned)
Examples -  sentences shold be short but have sence. User should be able to ask EnBot to mark this example as not good (EnBot can even delete it and create another)
Pictures should not be large, maybe 320x240 we will define it separatelly.
Statistic: spent time, number of words, that's it for now, may be added later.
Gamification - not sure, not now. maybe later.

1. usual learning-cycle size is 10 words (can be configured)
- one learning-cycle is one day
 - if user finished the learning-cycle Enbot notifys, user can start one more leraning-cycle for todya.
 - if user didn't finish learning-cycle "today" this cycle will be continue next day.
 - user can config the when the next day starts (for example it can be at 3 AM (i think it has to be the default value))
2. cooldown: 1 mounth will couse -1 in prio level but only if the priority is higher than 5
- priority logging - yes, messages can be logged in database (per user)
- all changes should be lodded in db (per user) - learned words, finished learning-cycles, added words,, etc.
- all messages from EnBot to user should be short (do not overload chat in telegramm)
3. no max size per user
- no automatic optimization.
- admin user can ask EnBot a statistic of DBs memory size, etc.
4.No backup mechanism in this project. all data should be in a dir, so backup can be done manually by coping this entire dir.
5. Admin user can act as a regular user to learn words, and can switch to admin mode to ask as admin and switch back to user mode.